h1. sitestatus-nonrel

_A port of "Simple-Comic-CMS":https://github.com/sclabs/sccms to django-nonrel and django-filetransfers for Google App Engine deployment._

h2. Introduction

If you're looking for an easy way to deploy Simple-Comic-CMS to the Google App Engine, you've come to the right place. With sccms-nonrel, you can have your own webcomic up and running in no time!

h2. Prerequisites

* "Python 2.x":http://python.org
* "Django 1.x":https://www.djangoproject.com/
* "Google App Engine SDK for Python":http://code.google.com/appengine/downloads.html#Google_App_Engine_SDK_for_Python

h2. Installation

Make sure you have the prerequisites listed above installed. Next, "download the latest version of sitestatus-nonrel":https://github.com/sclabs/sitestatus-nonrel/zipball/master. Unzip the archive to any directory on your file system.

Alternatively, you can clone the git repository by executing

bc. git clone git://github.com/sclabs/sitestatus-nonrel.git

Feel free to fork the repository and develop your own tweaks and features under the conditions of the license (see below).

h2. Quick-Start (in Eight Easy Steps)

# Go to "appengine.google.com":http://appengine.google.com, log in with your Google Account, and follow the instructions to enable Google App Engine for your account (if you haven't done so already).
# Create a new app, and remember your app's application identifier.
# In @app.yaml@, replace @myapp@ with the application identifier for your app.
# In @sitestatus_nonrel/settings.py@, change @SITE_TITLE@ from @'My Awesome Status Page'@ to whatever you actually want to call your site.
# Run @python manage.py deploy@ and authenticate with your Google Account when prompted.
# Run @python manage.py remote createsuperuser@ to create a superuser for yourself.
# Point your browser to "your_application_identifier.appspot.com/admin/":http://your_application_identifier.appspot.com/admin/
# Click on "Statuses" and then "Add status". Fill out all the fields (see below for help with "Update type" and the optional fields) and click "Save".

It's that simple! Point your browser to "your_application_identifier.appspot.com":http://your_application_identifier.appspot.com to see your status page!

h2. Notes

h3. Update Types

sitestatus-nonrel features four different ways to check the status of any given site, which you can change by modifying the "Update type" property of the Status you want to change through the admin interface. These are:

1. none - This is the default update type, which causes the update mechanism to ignore this site and never update its status. Use this for custom statuses like "coming soon", etc.
2. status - This is probably the update type you will use most. It tells the update mechanism to send a request to the url in "Update url". If the response has a status code of `200 OK`, the status will be updated to "online". Otherwise, it will be updated to "offline".
3. title - This update type looks at the title of the webpage at "Update url" and checks to see if it contains the string in "Update title".
4. content - This update type looks at the entire content of the HTTP response returned by the site at "Update url" and checks to see if it contains the string in "Update content".

h2. Next Steps

h3. Domain Setup

If you have a domain you'd like to host your status page on, you can add a domain to your app by going to the Application Settings page on your Google App Engine dashboard.

h3. Site Themes

The templates directory contains a bare-bones example template (@index.html@) that you should feel free to modify and style however you like.

h3. Need Help?

For more information visit "sclabs.gilgi.org/sitestatus-nonrel/":http://sclabs.gilgi.org/sitestatus-nonrel/. Direct all questions, comments, and bug reports to "sclabs@gilgi.org":mailto:sclabs@gilgi.org.

h2. License Information

sitestatus-nonrel is released under the terms of the GNU General Public License, the full text of which is available in the file @GPL@. For details, please visit "www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html":http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html.

Modules from the django-nonrel project are redistributed under the terms of the license found in the file @LICENSE@.